want to know what's heating up in
theaters this weekend Optimus Prime
do you seek retention not even Optimus
Prime can be trusted in the war for
Earth in transformer of last night
here is the bad that the future is
brutal and the cannibals are hungry in
the indie sci-fi romance the bad batch
ghosts loved here cost you an arm away
dad
no get a massage and all girls school is
turned upside down when a wounded Civil
War soldier arrives at their doorstep in
the beguile see with hot in theaters
with this week's anticipation so what's
your weekend take it going to be let us
know by commenting see you next time on
weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]